 information that is needed and required from a Company1 perspective and then how do we actually build our business logic in our layer because that's where I think, and I would need to.
 It's just think together well, how do we actually orchestrate downstream into the IRT or into BCB or see whatever. The good thing about this is that all three applications in scope right, I was assuming that will...
 case for Web Services in the context. So it's all about that system endpoint exists. Now it's about orchestrating that triggers in working those endpoints in those two systems.
 right are we orchestrating because because that those products are having a system agnostic aspect right so those are the system APIs so any logic which we need to do or any orchestration or pull trigger events
 between the business that is logically there. But for in jail, that's the point. For immortal to define that, we need to know the process and the trigger criteria. And that's what I'm not clear. What are those?
 seen the flows and things but then it requires any for at a build level right we need to decide all those input and output criteria and that will be dictated by process.
 So building a new external endpoint in the system layer for us to use for a consent. Is that a correct assumption? Yeah we need to build what I would like to see.
 as the experience API for even over an informed consent or for unified. But of course we have a number of existing integrations for unified. So this is where the other question.
 Person B is watching. You and I would also call it out right. Experience layer which we are going to build is only on the inbound right. If concept delivery needs anything from any of the system for an auto-process the concept delivery aspect.
 Then we are going to provide you the system endpoints. You need to tell us what data points you need. And we will find a system layer, a system-eap endpoints, which will help you to extract those information through that layer.
 and then how you process up to you guys. Exactly, but I think we can part divide it, parcel it into manageable pieces. I don't see any inbound flows coming into Ebonova currently. So we know that we're originally doing
 were initially just doing outbound flows from Company1. And we need to get an E code back, which I'm expecting will you arrest API response from you all to get the E code back rather than that? The E code is the E code control myATI, right? The ones that consent happens that E code will come back.
 will put it against that right but then- From management system and ETMF and that's a whole different set. Let's just focus on a subset about they're looking at to begin working out designing the pattern. If we just look at consent completion, not withdrawal, not consent itself delivery.
 consent completion, we can begin building out a pattern that enables us to start writing code and building and designing a solution and defining requirements. So again, I think this is where it comes in.
 So I think what you are and since Company1 is building the industry product, right, you need to approach it without is a kind of constraint, right, with that, okay, this is the endpoints, which you need to pull it.
 for this concept completion data, right? But we are, we are going to be reaching out to you. We are not exposing endpoints on our side. We are hitting your endpoints that you'll expose to us. So if you want to take our requirements and implement endpoints.
 according to our requirements, we can also proceed. I'll give you a spec and say these are the endpoints we'll be reaching out to. You need to implement them in your experience layer. That would be another approach to what I'm trying to do is get my team on blocked because this is a high priority for us. I know this is going to bite us down.
 road and we've got people ready to go. While all that, the details of how the behind the API at the system layer, all that stuff that needs to be worked out, that's your side, like you're saying. That's AZ. We're doing a generic product that shouldn't be dependent on all of us.
 process workflow. We just need to give you that you all expose a rest endpoint. We hit that when a consent is completed and giving you all the data that you need and that's a TBD what the data is. And we'll get back any code. Everything else you all take care of on consent. If that's an approach
 we can agree on that's enough to get us going and unblock our progress. Okay, so like me again, we go out, sounds like we're going in circles. So what do you need from my team in that context? And on a agreement that that's the plan.
 you all will be creating a new endpoint that will, this is a user workflow, just based on what we talked about with consent completion last week. And I have identified at least six different integrations that might be
 happen depending on the user workflow. Some of them are with IRT, some of them with EDCs, some of them will be with VCD. What I'm hoping is that we can push all of this logic over to your side behind the API so that all we-
 to do is when a consent complete out the consent with the signing dates and all that and just let all of this logic happen behind your endpoint. That would unblock us to begin writing out this code. And if we're in agreement with that then you're right. We can just make note of
 we're building out and assume that you all can utilize the receiving system right they will touch upon that end point right as long as whatever they need in order to one-gate patient randomization and screening in IRT.
 enrollment in EDDs right that goes into BCV right so those are the use cases which you see here so if you are talking about downstream then of course downstream will take those end points which you're going to publish and process that information.
 consent completion, right? And process the details into their logic so that they can do what they need to do in those systems, or with their data. OK. So something we're in alignment that will you have a rest and a rest and point.
 We'll have a venture. Right, area's right. Okay. This is this patient is completed and sign it up after understanding the consent, right? So that will, yeah. So are you going to do a event trigger which we will be listening to our services? No.
 We will, you don't need to worry about our event model. We'll be handling our event model. Just know that you have to have an active endpoint that when it consent completes on our side, we will be hitting that endpoint with a request packet that includes all of the data that your downstream systems will...
 And then you're saying it's not, are they re-consenting or not? Figure out whether this goes to which system that will all be behind the API. And I think that's the cleanest way to implement it given that we're building out a generic solution.
 So, one goal is to do a consent delivery, right? And maybe consent creation, right? In that context, how that consent creation and consent delivery, a transaction events gets processed in downstream is up to downstream. Right, so let's not worry about delivery right now. I mean, that's...
 got to flesh out consent, um, impression and consent delivery. What's the difference in that consent delivery mean to me means a, a, a new ICF form has been generated and needs to be stored either at the site for science.
 or in a master consent management system for archiving with all the signature details. I think that's what we're concerned, consent completion, consent withdrawal, all those sort of all parts, because I see the programming to context, right, once it's consent creation.
 is more of a templating the consent creation program. So then I'm confused. So maybe I, let's just say about the words consent creation and consent delivery then. Let's focus only on when a consent is signed at Ebonoba. We need to push that information.
 when a consent is withdrawn at Evanova. Let's just focus on those two to begin with. And so far, we're only talking about when a consent is signed. And we will work with Armando and his team to figure out that we're designing our event architecture so that when a consent is signed.
 They will hit our integration like that. And there we are. What's just, I always just to say that we need to respond to that. Yes, with the E code. So we in that same process, we need to facilitate of what.
 with that consent information and pass that into IRT eventually and then get an e-code back. So this is a lot more of the... And again, I'm more than happy to look into the simplification, right? Because IRT and EDC...
 more of a internal transiting than we may not need a direct integration with EDC. Yeah, yeah. Right because that whole aspect of consent completion consent with Rover will be fascinated between transaction happening between EDC and EDC anyway. Yeah.
 Yeah, it's not quite connected. We have two different technology which we are also enforcing. Right? And this is an to me and you won an architecture doesn't make sense. Uh, uh, uh, uh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh,
 that why we are having two different technology should have been one why we are to why we choose to have two different vendors when EDC and RD can go exit in the same technology. But J Liar is saying that the same endpoint will be used for.
 We're drawn of consent triggered by the patient. Yeah, I know. I don't think that's a good design. I think we need to follow the same type of pattern that we will recognize the withdrawal. We'll hit your endpoint, push some data with related to a withdrawal of a...
 But I think it mission then we can move on to withdraw. And the good thing is that right here is all about that consent completion and that kind of a verification check, right? I look at consent completed. This is a patient and some metadata associated with that person.
 But then we are not talking about the entire concept aspect right because that may go into Vcv because of the TMF aspect but then but then the IAT and EDC is most just giving the flag right okay this person consulted go ahead and do
 extroverts, right? Maybe you accept it. And there's an acceptable, the optional consent. And then whether they reconcent, and what state they were in when they reconcented, whether they were head screenfailed, or whether they haven't screenfailed. So there's a bunch of logic, but I think we can...
 Push all that behind the API on your side. We just need to give you the consent completion Information that's it Yeah, I need to process that logic right I think I think I but I hear you on the basic principle and that's how we work right
 that we know about any optimize that data, which is required for that translation of the provision. Okay, so it sounds like we are in alignment with how we're at least gonna build about this initial pattern. And I'm sure there's a lot of technical things.
 that could come up as we begin working this out. But another detail is I'm assuming that whatever systems are behind your endpoint, I know you have multiple IRTs, all that again is invisible to us. We won't be managing that. We'll just be simply pushing consent data.
 Okay. The reason I'm saying because it's not about that orchestration but then yeah, yes, we will deal with it because the reason here is that sometimes the art is being set up separately. So we may need to buy
 that flow and mapping in different contexts, right? So in that context, we may, because you guys won't know, right? Which IoT system is going to use for patient atomization? Right, exactly.
 preference. I think that's the cleanest design. So firety, vendor in our landscape, right? I think while we have a different reason why we have calics and signant in the play, but then with and again, this goes back to one of my conversations with Unify. They have an onboarded
 the Calixtradi in unified and that was the reason they have pushed down the integration, the IRT current integration which we have for kick treatment and SIIA visit statuses. So that been said, I think if we go with the same principle.
 right but then again, dip in one versus other is also little bit portfolio driven and what the complexity in the protocol. So we cannot hard influence that but if at all if possible then we can also go that in this.
 they moving forward all the IOT study can get center to one vendor, right? Then it would be easy as well to just build that integration with one on one mapping between the with signal. But again, I.
 see it anytime soon, but I think it's manageable because I don't think e-consent thing with e-code is that complicated even though those two are it has been set up differently. Because all you are asking is that okay patient got consulted.
 Is it I'm good to go and randomize the patient as per the as per participation and then go next to generating the E-code for EDC to do the visit schedules and then supply chain downstream, right?
 So that's what it is. So in that context, kind of, uh, prioritize in CT4 match. We don't see that many services, uh, studies going on, right? So I would suggest it's just to vendor to, uh, IIT system because Jill, you also need to apply.
 this, this will be more to be driven through for new studies, not for this in studies for which we already have consulted. Right, yeah, that makes sense. So I think if we take this approach it really enables your team to work intensely on figure out your process, enables our team to begin
 and how the consent of the community is. That's what I mean keep telling you guys in this conversation you guys are building industry product right of course you need to take into a user consideration but then just like any other customer come in this way right you have to.
 say, OK, this is our endpoint, which will be pushing. Now the choice here is that do you want to push or do you want to pull? That's completely subjective, right? Right. And we want to push. We want to push. That's for sure. And is there a reason for that? Because it's event driven. As soon as it happens.
 we push it. That's that's the way. Yeah, providing both capabilities pool and pool because in API layer, you do to expose all the APIs. So am I hearing that even wise not going to expose system APIs to any vendors or any customer? I haven't seen a workflow looking at consent.
 so far, consent completion and consent withdrawal requires an endpoint on our side. We are not, this is a different integration than consent archival. If you need to query a whole list of consents that have been completed, that's very likely a bulk.
 transaction that may be wish. Same thing with the good draw. The long term BMI come across a scenario where we need a pool mechanism as well. Yeah, possibly, but we'll look at that down the road. Let's just look at what the short near term requirements are that we know. And for completion withdrawal, it's going to be a push from ourself.
 So what I would suggest is there's really then two areas of overlap. One is identifying all of the data fields that are needed on the AZ side to make sure we're collecting them, storing them and pushing them. And we need to collaborate on that. So we know basically.
 the things, you know, the signer. For those fields, as we're introducing complete new capability here, we don't have systems that actually are managing that kind of re-information today, to that extent.
 that we will have again, the new kid will. So I think this is where we need to really understand what information do we want to have and where are we going to hold that information. And again.
 what going into technicality and again, Julia resources to support that, right? I can work with my IIT EDC and VCV products who can support that but that but for that, we haven't started working on that, right? So I need to work at a program level and again, this is.
 depends on you and we know about it at a program level to give us the bandwidth and resources to start working on those topics which is on the desert side which we haven't started right and you want maybe your solution architecture space is a very unique architecture.
 solution architect. We're getting a different message than you guys have are getting the message we're getting is this is high priority?
 Yeah, there is a priority and sense of urgency on it. We know I know one is discounting that I know it's a very time constant and I without even we go into the sun start working for Jen, I think the time is to me is aggressive. I am telling you now without anyone
 program tells you to or not, I don't think that's going to be likely. So all I'm saying is that this approach unblocks half of us. If we can understand that we can keep moving forward because we understand the general architecture of our integration pattern that unblocks.
 And that you all can deal with what happens if your site is not on block because it doesn't relate to us so much. Yes, exactly. Right? Because there's a program. It's right on going live and all that. Right? So that's fine. And I completely appreciate that. But what I want you to appreciate because I know you've been keeping chasing me and Rohan on.
 integration work. There is nothing going to affect the program is still drafting the org structure and charter and all those things right as you've seen a couple of notes from debut on requirements and priorities and all that right. So without that being there is a
 There is something we call kind of forming, norming and storming, right? That's still in bake, right? So without, we cannot just put everything on site and just work on this only initiative which is going in AZ portfolio. Yeah. So we're going to we'll generate it.
 draft of proposed data field. And the data field is a very high level, right? That's a fundamental thing. I need to know from IAT, EDC, and VCD at a process level, which is level three and level four, that defines this list, right? So there is a aspect of process, information, and data. And that drives the integration.
 and design, right? Without having process and data requirements, how can I drive a technical design aspect with you? And that's the thing, no one in the funcial work stream in VCV, IRT and EVC has been formally engaged on e-concent transformation.
 other than to begin drafting our API spec based on what we think will work as a consent completion initially to start. We can Person D, if you and Person E and I can work together with our teams to begin building out the consent date.
 and the data model, how the fields are stored, how the integration layer can access those data fields. That's all stuff we can do internally. We have recurring meetings on Wednesdays, Armando that I invited you to for tomorrow, where we can begin building that out. And I think we can...
 a lot of really good progress. And, yeah, excellent. Just as I had Person F still ramping up, okay? So, I'm not acceptable. You got to do everything already, Person D. I don't know it. No, great. No problem at all. Okay. Okay, so I think that.
 I think we have an understanding of how we're going to move forward. And we will have to stay in touch as resourcing is ironed out. But in the meantime, we will begin building our solutions on our side. Yeah.
 I think you know, seeing the org, but from a program perspective, we need that resourcing and that's where I haven't had a clear and resourcing asked from the program to platform saying, Hey, hey, well, while you have ECVR, EDC team lined up, do you?
 any additional engineering because if I have to go and work e-concentrination from day 1 in 2025, I'm more than happy but that's one of the many ongoing transformation with ongoing in the portfolio right which I and the team is responsible for.
 So that whole program cascading is very much empathized on the urgency of this effort, but we are also dependent on certain organizational aspect which needs to come together. And the program is the mechanism to drive that. I cannot go and start knocking people.
 that he is starting to borrow e-concentage your priority. Yeah, I understand that. Sounds good. And this is what allows us, I think, to divide that. I know that you've got a lot of things. You've got to battle on your side. Yeah, and this is the reason I keep saying program. Hey, you guys need to...
 aligning with this priority with even over and doing those workstrains and people will come through and deliver it. Yeah, I totally agree. Okay, well let's do that then. Let's do that then. I think I'm Camila and then do on that Camila, Debbie and Fetri.
 more close to that because they are the one who is defining that alignment on the timeline and priorities at a program level. That's good. This is pretty much what I wanted to get through today. What other things that you all want to talk about? We have this rare chance.
 So I think I will be more than that has why we consolidate the downstream requirements so that we can vary it up. So that if you happen to change if the while the push happens on the Company1 side on the consent completion or any such use cases you are called.
 incorporating that details into your API specs, right? And what you're going to push us through. That'd be great. That also should be. Had your hands. Sorry.
 Also, if we know a great nation and so we real build something that are sizable for what we need to have. I think what we need to do right once I don't know whether the BA work frame or process work frame has been kicked off or not.
 but then the PA is on that right there. For the very first thing, they need to map out all with all the three systems with the products, right? To understand, okay, what they need basically with the consent, right? So when the consent gets signed or withdrawed, right? What are the, am I data points which they,
 taking to consideration manual, find that API layer, which we need to orchestrate and manage against this push from Avinova. Yeah. Absolutely. If that sounds good. I think it's more of a.
 data integration and it will all line up right I think we are missing that first prioritization oh yeah yeah yeah so that's why we are we are kind of we know what we need to do but we cannot do what we want to do and it's frustrating I know what you mean and it's just what you mean
 Okay then if I set this up as alternating weeks, every other week. And I will also, I will bring people from the integration works in the tech sector. Yeah, I think in this conversation. We go to the good, Jalen, and as soon as we get with more people involved from our side, we can make sure that.
 We feel for Person G's role in this and you get closer to the ones that actually are going to work and build it by drone. Yep, that sounds great. Okay, well, thank you all. Thanks for giving me us this time today. Person C, especially sorry to keep you late.
 attending.

